what's going on guys this is really row
82 you're watching relly rell 82 youtube
i'm going to show you another glitch
hahaha i'm getting all these glitches
but this is the knife lunge glitch I
don't know they got a name for it but
it's that's what it is and this one's
about Emil kick so I'm paying I'm
playing call it a dead and you know
suddenly the fourth round so what I'm
doing here just like any other time just
if you know how to do the knife lunge
glitch that's what it is you just do
that and just stand out a certain spot
and just you know aim focus and it'll
pull you right on top of that barrier
that that's right above me so all you
have to do is just charge your weapon
first once you charge your weapon you
aim and just stab your knife at it and
you'll be right on top of these barrels
right here or not barrels but you know
these little look like train carts or
something but you're just going to be
right on top of that so let me tell you
guys again to do the easiest way to do
this is to basically a press triangle in
a circle at the same time because that's
when you change your button layout to
tactical and that usually works the best
because the buttons are right next to
each other when you need to charge your
weapon so it's like you have your weapon
charged then you're right on the edge of
the cart see I'm changing the back
changing it right back to default
because that's how I play but you do
that and you should be good and just
focus on the zombie once you once you
actually a my focus on you hurry up in
life and that's when you do your knife
lunge glitch and instead of just like
going towards the zombie since you're
buying the wall you're you go on top of
the cart so that's what that is so enjoy
try it out let me know like subscribe
and comment at the end peace out
you